[Music]
know-it-all regulars complicated
machines
pushy trainers mystery smells yep I'm
talking about the gym why deal with all
that when you can complete sweat
inducing fat burning workouts without
any equipment at all right from your own
home for starters there's jogging in
place seems simple enough but trust me
doing this exercise for a couple minutes
can get your heart rate up big-time
jogging in place is a gentle way to get
your blood pumping before the more heavy
duty stuff making it a great warm-up
move it'll also keep that heart rate up
in between more intense cardio exercises
because why would you want to rest
between exercises when you can squeeze
in a little jogging
hey that beach bod ain't gonna magically
appear on its own just saying of course
you've got your standard jogging in
place pretty self-explanatory you just
lift each leg off the ground one by one
swinger bent arms back and forth and
literally jog without moving forward but
there are other variations you can do to
target different muscles for example if
you really want to kick it up a notch
and work those hammies and glutes you
can turn this jogging into knee touches
picking up your knee to about hip level
with each lift it helps to hold your
forearms out in front of you with the
palms facing down that way you can try
to touch your knee to your hand each
time you bring it up another way to
intensify this workout is by widening
the distance between your legs if you
have your feet slightly wider than
shoulder width apart it'll take even
more energy to lift them up helping you
get your heart rate up even more this is
pretty good for your core and your
glutes as well burpees
hey that's what they do after I drink a
coke Oh wrong burpees okay
then burpees the exercise but one of the
best fat-burning moves out there to do a
burpee find a spot where there's nothing
around for you to bump into stand up
straight with your feet shoulder-width
apart or just slightly wider than that
to start do a basic squat by going down
into a sitting motion as if you're about
to sit in a chair behind you as you hit
the bottom of that squat put your hands
forward flat onto the floor and push
your legs back like you're gonna do a
push-up next using your core strength
tuck your knees back onto your body like
they were doing that squat and stand
back up if you're new to cardio
burpees can really take a lot out of you
so pace yourself and start slow so that
you don't wear yourself out too fast for
beginners just do ten in a row at your
own pace as you build up your stamina
and strength do two to three sets of ten
to fifteen reps daily if you're
comfortable doing the regular Burpee you
can kick things up a notch by doing a
little jump at the end with your hands
of reaching towards the ceiling the key
to this exercise is buoyancy when you're
kicking your feet off the ground and
getting back up putting all your energy
into it with a little bounce is what
will really get your heart rate going
and that in turn will burn fat like
there's no tomorrow
and that's why we're all here right but
burpees don't just boost your metabolism
and turn your body into a calorie
burning machine they also hit tons of
muscle groups during that squatch you're
working your hip and butt muscles kick
back into that pushup there's your ab
shoulder and arm workout if you jump up
at the end you'll have shapely calves in
no time
yeah burpees are definitely worth the
strenuous effort the jab-cross
who says you need to go to the gym to
practice your boxing moves you can do
that right at home without any equipment
or a fighting partner although imaginary
partners aren't against the rules if you
need to blow off some steam
have crippling student loan debt works
just a person
anyway the jab cross is a fast-paced
move you can do with your arms to really
focus and get your heart rate up start
by standing with your right foot
slightly forward and your left foot
straight under your body turn yourself
slightly so that you're facing more
toward the left keep your elbows bent
and your hands and fist right under your
chin really tense up those biceps take
your right hand and propel it forward in
a quick punch the key to this job is to
quickly bring that arm back into the
starting position after you punch this
requires more energy and focus next
comes the cross with your left fist
punch forward while twisting your body
slowly toward the right lifting your
left heel off the ground to help propel
you just like with that right jab bring
your left arm in again right under your
chin with a same amount of intensity and
energy do the jab cross combination 20
times on each side for 2 to 3 reps and
you'll be channeling your inner Rocky
Balboa in no time yo this is a great way
to get your heart rate up straighten the
shoulders and upper arms and get that
pent-up anger out
mountain climbers if you really want to
work up a sweat mountain climbers will
definitely do the trek
not only does this exercise get your
heart racing it also engages your core
helping you to achieve those rock-hard
abs of your dreams start on the floor
with your arms holding you up in the
push-up position and your legs stretch
straight out behind you it should look
like you're about to do push-ups or hold
a plank keeping your back level and your
arms sturdy start bringing your knees in
under your chest one at a time this move
should be done at a rapid pace and
should look like you're climbing in
place do as many mountain climbers as
you can within 30 seconds if you are a
beginner one set of these for 30 seconds
should be enough but as you gain more
stamina do three reps of thirty Seconds
to really see the fat burning results
squat jumps here's an exercise that's
pretty easy to do and very effective at
burning fat that's because the squatting
motion combined with the light jump
takes quite a lot of energy and can get
your heart rate up almost immediately
after starting to do a squat jump start
with your feet slightly wider than
shoulder-width apart put your arms out
in front of you bend comfortably with
your hands clasp together or in fists
slowly squat down like you're about to
sit in an imaginary chair make sure
you're not leaning forward too far if
you need to practice by sitting down
again and again in an actual chair so
that you can really mimic the movement
correctly when you come up from each
squat do a little jump and land softly
squat jumps are great for your calves
thighs and glutes
do three reps of ten to twenty for the
best results and there you go the best
of the best when it comes to burning
calories and melting fat off your body
so once you've started incorporating
these cardio workouts into your daily
routine how can you know if they're
working or not first off you'll notice
your problem areas start tightening up
that's right say goodbye to flabby arms
jiggly stomach and blueberry thighs but
aside from actual weight loss cardio
great for your blood circulation heart
health general stamina and overall mood
after a few weeks of regular cardio
you'll probably notice that carrying
heavy bags of groceries from the car to
the house no longer leaves you in a
nasty sweat and doing things like
rearranging heavy furniture or running
for the bus no longer takes the wind out
of you and you won't be so
embarrassingly out of breath after
climbing up a flight of stairs regular
cardio workouts also help release what
they call feel-good hormones this means
you'll feel more emotionally balanced
and happier every day many people find
that doing cardio on a regular basis
helps them manage depression and serves
as a great stress reliever
especially with that boxing move along
with regular cardio exercise eating
right and getting a decent amount of
sleep each night does wonders for
maintaining a healthy weight so the next
time you find yourself bored at home
watching trash TV try doing these super
easy cardio workouts as you watch that
way you can indulge in your guilty
pleasure and better your health at the
same time a win-win do you know any
other ways to burn fat and get in shape
leave your suggestions down in the
comments just in case I forgot something
err and remember to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click that subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life and we'll see
you next time